Add IntelliClima Sensor platform docs (#43708)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/intelliclima.markdown

## Examples

### Automatic ventilation based on air quality

> Create an automation that adjusts fan speed based on VOC levels:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following automation adjusts the fan speed based on VOC sensor readings. Replace `sensor.ecocomfort_2_voc` and `fan.ecocomfort_2` with your own entity IDs.
```

```yaml
automation:
  - alias: "Adjust ventilation by air quality"
    description: "Increase ventilation when VOC levels are high"
    triggers:
      - trigger: numeric_state
        entity_id: sensor.ecocomfort_2_voc

>         above: 300

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        above: 300        
        for:
          minutes: 2
```
